He knew he could never amount to anything. He was a failure. He had never been as good at sneaking around like Sylnan. Always too loud, to <i>excitable</i>. He was told he was "Book smart." but that never felt like a good thing. He had no practical knowledge. 
He had nothing. 
As he started down at the phone - an old burner that had appeared under the door a few weeks back while Sylnan had been gone. It had come with a note, 'for when you want to start doing more for your brother. Ob'


--

It was a terrible day. The weather in the wharf was always horrible, it's perpetual spring time rain, without the warmth or sun. 
Today was no exception to that. 
As Br'aad walked down the street to their current - always temporary - home, he couldn't help but revel in his own meloncholy. As the rain fell, soaking everything, weighing it down with it's sheer intensity, then maybe he could just melt away in it. It would be so much easier than facing Sylnan. 

He'd been fired. 
Again. 
He thought he'd been doing better. He was friendly and approachable, if capable of getting a little distracted. 
But apparently that wasn't good enough. 
<i>He</i> wasn't good enough. 

Head hung low, he continued his trip home, desperatly hoping Sylnan wouldn't be home. 

What would he tell his brother. The one who had always worked to provide for them. Who constantly risked himself and gave up on his future so that Br'aad could stay in school. 
He needed that job. They needed that job. 
The cops had caught wind of some of the recent guild activity after their last heist and so they all had to lay low until it blew over. Which left Sylnan with no job. Which left Br'aad as their only hope. 

So of course he had to go and blow it. 

His string of bad luck continued as he reached the abandoned barn they were calling home and saw candle light emenating from inside. Sylnan was home. 
Taking a deep breath and wiping his eyes, Br'aad walked in. 

"Hey Br'aad," Sylnan greeted as Br'aad diposited his sopping wet 
---

Picking up the phone, Br'aad dialed the number on the card, going slowly as his hands shook. 


--

It would take years for Br'aad to realize how many of the events leading to this moment were orcestrated by Him. 
The card under his door. The argument with Sylnan. Him loosing his job. The anonymous tip that led the cops to find the guild's heist. Sylnan's unlawful enprisonment. Dylan's words every day without fail in gradeschool. 
He didn't know how much of it was His doing. He never had any real choice. Because He made him make this decision. 
--

May. Spring time. The latter half, when the constant rain fall transitions to sunny days in preperation for summer. The last month before the chaos of exams and summer break. 
And the worst month of Br'aad's year. 

It wasn't usually. 













**side note brainstorming: 
Ob helps Br'aad. He gives him the power to fight, to make him less useless. Right? in theory at least 
But at that cost, he fucks with his life. Pulling strings behind the scenes as a sick social experiment. To orchestrate Br'aad's life. To ruin things just for the sheer intrigue on what would happen. He has enough people and industries under his finger that he can control large aspects of things just on a whim. 
- so as hard as I'm finding it to name what Ob does, I think that's okay. Fundamentally, Ob's actions aren't strictly fantasy. These things can be applied to a modern universe. 



















 
